New ETL written in Java (#85)
qbicsoftware/etl-scripts: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

# 1.10.0 2021-06-25

> * Provides new ETL routine written in Java, that will replace all Jython scripts at some poing
> * Support for nf-core pipeline result registration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Provides new ETL routine written in Java, that will replace all Jython scripts at some point [PR](https://github.com/qbicsoftware/etl-scripts/pull/85)
* Support for nf-core pipeline result registration [PR](https://github.com/qbicsoftware/etl-scripts/pull/85)
```
